Sandra's iPhone: Hi there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Sandra's iPhone: I'm okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am okay
Sandra's iPhone: Sorry, I'm laying down I found out yesterday. I have kidney stones, they think
Oh, no.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ouch.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, so I've still been working
Sandra's iPhone: So,
Sandra's iPhone: I come home. I came home I lunch hour today and lay down for an hour.
Sandra's iPhone: And now I'm back to lay and down again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's gotta hurt.
It does.
Sandra's iPhone: It hurts a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they just said, let them pass right
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, they gave me stuff to help dissolve them.
Sandra's iPhone: And some
Sandra's iPhone: Macro bed or whatever it's called, and aquatics.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, I'm sorry. That's gotta suck.
Sandra's iPhone: Anyway, so how are you doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good nappy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice wish I was back in here at the beach with I'm trees.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Beautiful ocean hot weather.
Dry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you
Sandra's iPhone: That's a nice backdrop, you got going on. I need the same thing, then that way. Dr. Cruz can't tell if I'm laying down or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's so funny.
Sandra's iPhone: I have to sit up all day at work. So if I'm like near my bed. I finally down on it.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, just because it it Susan to lay down and stretch it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you've got some physical stuff going on. So that makes a big huge difference to you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long did they did. They happen to say how long the whole process would take
Sandra's iPhone: Well, I
Sandra's iPhone: I've had kidney stones before and
Sandra's iPhone: They. Well, it took about five days or something like that, three to five days. I don't remember.
Sandra's iPhone: So,
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. He wants me well if you pass a stone, bring it into me. Well, I started taking this stuff to pass my to melt my kidney stones and now
Sandra's iPhone: Milan. My back's falling off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I guess I should bring him my mole to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. That's crazy.
Sandra's iPhone: I know, and I haven't been sick a long time you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's going to be even more important that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You keep yourself safe. You know what I mean.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I know.
Sandra's iPhone: And I had to go. I had to go the hospital today because the they saw
Sandra's iPhone: Something on my top of my kidney, so I had to go get a cup a CAT scan this morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when will you find out about that.
Sandra's iPhone: Uh, well, I have a follow up on the 23rd of April, but I think they called me today. And they said, Oh, well we didn't send your UAE and yesterday's so if you still have pain and my phone keeps popping out of my case. And then it makes me look like I have a white Halo.
Sandra's iPhone: But anyways, they said if you still have pain after seven days then come back and we'll do another you and send it in.
Sandra's iPhone: So maybe at that time, I can find out about my
Sandra's iPhone: Sorry, it's okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Um,
Sandra's iPhone: My blood tests and my cat scan and I'll be other tests they did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sorry you're going through that that's got a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you're working through it. The crazy part
Sandra's iPhone: And I'm quitting smoking to I had to say there are two or three cigarettes yesterday to today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's it going,
Sandra's iPhone: It's going good.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got a lot of changes happening right now.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your physical your physical your body's fighting off fighting you know your kidneys stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right quitting smoking and, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I haven't clicked yet, but I'm going to soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Harm Reduction. You're on the harm reduction program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Less is better.
Sandra's iPhone: Exactly. That's right. It is too. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're still going to work.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you planning on working tomorrow or the next couple days.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you manage through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're in pain like that.
Sandra's iPhone: I have a pillow and a blanket that in my sister's office. She has an office that has a two way mirror
Sandra's iPhone: Mm hmm. And I lay down my blanket and my pillow and go lay down sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: I have to. And I have another pillow for my I moved from that front counter down to a desk.
Sandra's iPhone: And and so I've been working at the desk.
Sandra's iPhone: Instead of sitting at the little bench thing on the front counter which hurts my back anyway.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, you know, it's like
Sandra's iPhone: I'm that's too big for that little scare
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya gotta be uncomfortable. You got to have a comfortable chair.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, that's for like the reception as he's to hire in their 20s and 30s, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, how we need a chair that's supporting
Sandra's iPhone: In the back. Right.
Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny. So how is everything else been going
Sandra's iPhone: driving me crazy. So
Sandra's iPhone: Okay there. Now it's pot I popped it back. It's nice and everything else is going good. I'm just
Sandra's iPhone: Going to work and coming home. And when down oh I've talked to Sean about quitting drinking
And he brought
Sandra's iPhone: He brought me his whole big bag of alcohol.
Sandra's iPhone: The other day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Sandra's iPhone: Is it like a huge like duffel bag full of a Crown Royal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Sandra's iPhone: six gallons Johnson.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what
Sandra's iPhone: six gallons.
Sandra's iPhone: It's not six gallons.
Sandra's iPhone: No, they're not gallons.
Sandra's iPhone: No, not
Sandra's iPhone: Candles not gallons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me how that went.
Sandra's iPhone: Well,
Sandra's iPhone: I
Sandra's iPhone: You know and I tell them that I wanted to see his
Sandra's iPhone: His
Sandra's iPhone: Results for his blood work.
Sandra's iPhone: And then
Sandra's iPhone: One other realtors at our office saw him buying on that last week.
Sandra's iPhone: And so
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. She posted on Facebook, where his wife that sings at the, you know, church.
Sandra's iPhone: And all her friends and she goes, hey look, you can buy a I mean you can make facemask with Crown Royal bags. Hahaha.
Sandra's iPhone: essential to making you rich from it shot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Sandra's iPhone: It really wasn't it. Maybe it was my phone keeps popping out of this case that's really bothering me honey but it was probably my talking to him and Elaine, the same lady that I get into his office.
Sandra's iPhone: She posted that your brochure.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you looked at his blood test result.
Sandra's iPhone: No, I told him I wanted to. He goes, oh, I don't have. I don't know where they're, you know, of course.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he was open and receptive to hear
Sandra's iPhone: Ya see
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I just told him that you know yeah I
Sandra's iPhone: Tried to be kinder to himself, there's no sense in trying to hurt himself, you know, but every time I go over there. He plays this really weird song and it's called coast.
Sandra's iPhone: And it says certain about if somebody would adjust FM cared, you know, and then it says, and I should have called my mom and said I love her. I don't know. It's and he's been playing and every time I go over there.
Sandra's iPhone: And like seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Sandra's iPhone: I need to like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to
Sandra's iPhone: Figure out what he's trying to tell
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any sings it to you.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, or like parts of it like I should call my mom, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, his phone case.
Sandra's iPhone: It keeps popping out of here. JOHN and I can't keep it in
Sandra's iPhone: I take it up.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Hey,
Sandra's iPhone: Well,
Sandra's iPhone: It's not the case. It's the phone.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, now I know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says, I don't want to be in that case and
Sandra's iPhone: No kidding. Well, we have a new class put on it. Yeah, it looks like the new glasses popping off.
It keeps. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's no good.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you feel about the conversation you had with your son so good about it.
Sandra's iPhone: Um, yeah, but I can. I thought I was a little harsh, but maybe that's what he was looking for. Finally, out of me because I've never said anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
You know,
Sandra's iPhone: Well, I haven't said anything for a long time.
Sandra's iPhone: Not since he is like 16 I used to like I I catch him lion to me.
Sandra's iPhone: And I'd be like, I go driving around I drive the streets until I found him.
Sandra's iPhone: And then I'd be like, Hey, you know, with my leather friends flopping it around.
Sandra's iPhone: Trying to act like I'm cool. And then they tell me where the party is and then that was the wrong thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Sandra's iPhone: Cuz I'd go to the party.
Sandra's iPhone: Just be horrible. Mom, I don't know, I tried to care.
Sandra's iPhone: I think we've all experienced that piece. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not alone, that is for sure.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I tell my daughter, all the time. She's 38 I tell her that I am so grateful that she survived my parenting and I don't know how she did it, but
Sandra's iPhone: I know my daughter is
Sandra's iPhone: 38 too. And she's not real hip. I mean real
Sandra's iPhone: She's been the nicest to me, I guess, but she's now realizing how screwed up. I really was, I think,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But she survived.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, we all did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've been. Okay, other than dealing with your physical stuff right now and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're going to rest for the next couple days. Is that what I heard you say
Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, well I'm going to go to work after somebody gets there like around 1130s when I'm like ready did leave because I've been there since 830
Sandra's iPhone: So if I go lay down for an hour, then I can go back for
Sandra's iPhone: A few hours come home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. So you'll just go for a couple hours go back home and then go back for a couple hours later in the
Sandra's iPhone: Afternoon. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you have any more pain. Then what you know you're supposed to have. You're going to go get checked out again.
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Sandra's iPhone: That the plan.
Sandra's iPhone: Is usually they give me like last time they put me and they gave me a shot Delano IV is for kidneys. That's what they usually give me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you make sure that they know that you're on Suboxone right now.
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, I know. And I told my doctor not yesterday, don't give me any pain pills, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, again, you know, they're going to come instances where you're, you're going to need them. And so just know that if you tell them, he'll be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work it to where it knocks the Suboxone is off the receptors, you know, in the appropriate manner. You don't want to do it all of a sudden, because that will throw you right into to withdraw, but they can do it in a manner that you know is less harmful, you know,
Sandra's iPhone: Okay. All right. Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you want to be. We just want to tell them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you need something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is passing a kidney stone worse than having a baby.
Sandra's iPhone: Comparable
Sandra's iPhone: Shows like you're sitting watermelon kinda
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wonder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it is comparable I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: often wonder, you know, with guys and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know guys are babies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so, in my mind, I'm like, oh my god, it's a kidney stone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not, maybe, you know, right.
Sandra's iPhone: Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But then I had to step back and say, I've never passed a kidney stone. So who am I to judge what the pain is like
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to ask somebody, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Sandra's iPhone: I don't have anything else to say. I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just run right
Sandra's iPhone: I am. Alright, thanks.
Sandra's iPhone: Friday.
All right.
Sandra's iPhone: Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.